# The End of the audio album browser
<div class="home-content-container"><p class="dreamsdb infotitle">The End of the audio album browser</p></div><div><h4 style="margin-bottom: 4px;">The idea of an audio album browser made sense, but as time goes on it makes less sense to work on. The album browser required that tracks went into an album and the album browser required album art and a cover. This made it more difficult to import new unrelated audio as certain games don't have easily available artwork you can use in these areas. The Other Oddities album was added simply because of unrelated tracks which never had any album art to begin with, and this has never really been the right way to categorize audio.<br><br>As an end user, there shouldn't be any visible changes outside of the inability to easily access the legacy audio database and the filename of downloaded audio being different, however I apologize for any inconvenience this change may cause, and I will list out the changes just below.<br><br>As a part of the transition, all existing audio will be discarded and redownloaded at their source quality. This may impact audio quality but hopefully in a good way. New audio will also be stored as OGG (vorbis), which is compressed while also being able to seamlessly loop, and may be important for certain audio tracks, even if most browsers do not seamlessly loop audio.<br><br>Although audio is being transitioned to the new audio database, it will take time to find and download every audio track which exists in the legacy audio database now. This will mean that for the foreseeable future, the legacy database will still be supported, although audio will slowly be leaving the database until it is one day gone.</h4><h4></h4><div class="changelog-container"><div><i class="material-icons">person</i><h3 id="console-edition-pamoramas">Posted by Kee</h3><p id="console-edition-pamoramas" style="line-height:14px;margin:0">May 26, 2023</p></div></div></div>
